By requesting a task or editing any file in this replit, you agree to the following terms and conditions.

The owner of this engine will henceforth be referred to as simply 'the owner'.
The Haven Engine may also be called simply 'the engine'.
A 'task' refers to a simple 'work for hire' deal related to the engine.

1. Any code inputed without use of the task system will be considered 'donated'; which means the copyright of given code-- should it be owned by you-- will be transfered to the owner of this engine.

2. Upon agreeing to doing a task, a specific ammount of money associated with the task shall be set aside. These funds with henceforth be referred to as a 'buffer'.

3. You or the owner can at any time and for any cause, terminate the task which you may or may not have begun working on. If this should occur, 50% of the buffer payment shall be sent to you, and the remaining ammount will return to the owner. The associated code will then be released as creative commons with no restrictions in copyright, and may or may not remain in the engine.

4. If you attempt to complete a task that has not been agreed to by the owner, the code will be considered 'donated', which means the copyright of given code, should it be owned by you, will be transfered to the owner of this engine.

5. If any code you have writen is been discovered to be malicious, intentionaly of poor quality, or otherwise damageing to the system, you may be asked to refund 50% of the payment, or in the case of malicious code, 100% of the payment; in the case where the payment has not been delivered, those same percentages shal be withheld.

6. The owner reserves the right to dismiss any and all cases and charges in which damages, data loss, or similar have occured to you or another party attemptint to test, develop, preview The Haven Engine, or otherwise related to the engine itself.

7. These terms may be changed at any time for any cause, and the owner is under no obligation to notify anyone about the change with the exception of partys who are accepting a new task.